Name: When the Ship Comes In
Author: Peter, Paul, Mary
Author: Bob Dylan

!           G                          C          G
1. Oh the time will come up when the wind will stop
!             Emi        C              G
   and the breeze will cease to be a-breathin'
!                                              C           G
   like the stillness in the wind before the hurricane begins
!                       C        G
   the hour that the ship comes in
!            Hmi                     C         G
   and the sea will split and the ships will hit
!            Hmi           C                 G
   and the sands on the shoreline will be shaking
!                      Hmi           C          G
   and the tide will sound and the waves will pound
!                    C    C/H   D/A G
   and the morning will be a-breaking.
2. Oh the fishes will laugh as they swim out of the path
   and the seagulls will be a-smilin'
   and the rocks on the sand will proudly stand
   the hour that the ship comes in
   and the words that are used for to get the ship confused
   will not be understood as they're spoken
   oh the chains of the sea will have busted in the night
   and be buried on the bottom of the ocean.
3. A song will lift as the main sail shifts
   and the boat drifts unto the shoreline
   and the sun will respect every face on the deck
   the hour that the ship comes in
   and the sands will roll out a carpet of gold
   for your wearied toes to be a-touchin'
   and the ship's wise men will remind you once again
   that the whole wide world is watchin'.
4. Oh the foes will rise with the sleep still in their eyes
   and they'll jerk from their beds and think they're dreamin'
   but they'll pinch themselves and squeal
   and they'll know that it's for real the hour that the ship comes in
   and they'll raise their hands sayin' we'll meet all you demands
   but we'll shout from the bow your days are numbered
   and like Pharoah's tribe they'll be drownded in the tide
   and like Goliath they'll be conquered.
