Name: Rocky Mountain High
Author: John Denver

!           D                          G            C   A
1. He was born in the summer of his twenty-seventh year
!           D                                 G
   comin' home to a place he'd never been before
!           D                               G                C  A
   he left yesterday behind him you might say he was born again
!              D                            G
   you might say he found a key for every door.
2. When he first came to the mountains his life was far away
   on the road and hangin' by a song
   but the string's already broken and he doesn't really care
   it keeps changin' fast and it don't last for long.
!            G        A              D
R: But the Colorado Rocky Mountain high
!         G               A            D
   I've seen it rainin' fire in the sky
!         G               A           D             G
   the shadow from the starlight is softer than a lullabye
!                   D  G
   Rocky Mountain high.
3. He climbed cathedral mountains he saw silver clouds below
   he saw everything as far as you can see
   and they say that he got crazy once and he tried to touch the sun
   and he lost a friend but kept his memory.
4. Now he walks in quiet solitude the forests and the streams
   seeking grace in every step he takes
   his sight has turned inside himself to try and understand
   the serenity of a clear blue mountain lake.
R: And the Colorado Rocky Mountain high
   I've seen it rainin' fire in the sky
   you can talk to God and listen to the casual reply
   Rocky Mountain high.
5. Now his life is full of wonder but his heart still knows some fear
   of a simple thing he cannot comprehend
   why they try to tear the mountains down to bring in a couple more
   more people more scars upon the land.
R: And the Colorado Rocky Mountain high
   I've seen it rainin' fire in the sky
   I know he'd be a poorer man if he never saw an eagle fly
   Rocky Mountain high.
R: It's a Colorado Rocky Mountain high
   I've seen it rainin' fire in the sky
   friends around the campfire and everybody's high
   Rocky Mountain high.
